CVEs alerts inventory for Vulnerability Detector: min_full_scan_interval option (#1369)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_vulnerability_detector/test_general_settings/index.md

### Generic tests

- **[test_general_settings_enabled](test_general_settings_enabled.md#test-general-settings-enabled)**:
Tests that modify the value of `enabled` tag in `ossec.conf` and check the result in `ossec.log`.

- **[test_general_settings_min_full_scan_interval](test_general_settings_min_full_scan_interval.md#test-general-settings-min-full-scan-interval)**:

> Tests that modify the value of `min_full_scan_interval` tag in `ossec.conf`, set different intervals and checking the result in

Author: Done in: https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1369/commits/7438aaa4e055a855a5bd2cbd1fff70d33a42c43f

`ossec.log`.
  
- **[test_general_settings_interval](test_general_settings_interval.md#test-general-settings-interval)**:
Tests that modify the value of `interval` tag in `ossec.conf`, set different times and checking the result in
`ossec.log`.

- **[test_general_settings_run_on_start](test_general_settings_run_on_start.md#test-general-settings-run-on-start)**:

> Tests that modify the value of `run_on_start` tag in `ossec.conf` and check the result in `ossec.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests that modify the value of `run_on_start` tag in `ossec.conf` and check the result in the logs file.
```

Same for `ossec.log`

Author: Done in: https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1369/commits/7438aaa4e055a855a5bd2cbd1fff70d33a42c43f
